Through drought and famine, natural disasters
My baby has been around for me
Kingdoms have fallen, angels be calling
None of that could ever make me leave, yeah
Every time I look into your eyes, I see it (eh)
You're all I need (eh)
Every time I get a bit inside, I feel it (eh)
Ooh, who would've thought I'd get you?
Ooh, who would've thought I'd get you?
And when we're making love, aye
Your cries, they can be heard from far and wide
It's only the two of us
Everything I need's between those thighs
Every time I look into your eyes, I see it (eh)
You're all I need (eh)
Every time I get a bit inside, I feel it (eh)
Ooh, who would've thought I'd get you?
Oh, yeah, oh, yeah, babe
Ooh, who would've thought I'd get you?
Just to be thankful (eh)
That I had days full of you, you (eh, eh)
Before it winds down into the memories (feel something that's right)
It's all just memories, la-la-la-la-la (somebody just tell somebody)
If you've got someone you like
Feel something that's right (don't you love when I come around?)
Somebody just tell somebody (build you up, then I'll take you down)
If you've got someone you like (don't you love when I come around?)
Feel something that's right
Somebody just tell somebody (build you up, then I take)
Ooh, who would've thought I'd get you?
Oh, yeah, oh, yeah, babe
Ooh, who would've thought I'd get you?
This feels like summer
Boy, you make me feel so alive
Just be my lover
Boy, you'll lead me to paradise
I'll probably be a waste of your time, but who knows?
Chances are I'll step out of line, but who knows?
Lately, you've set up in my mind
Yeah, girl, you, and I like that, ooh
Lately, I've been thinking that perhaps I am a coward
Hiding in a disguise of an ever-giving flower
Incompetent steward of all of that sweet, sweet power
Yesterday was feeling so good, now it's gone
I'd feel like that always if I could, is that wrong?
Tell me 'bout the city you're from
Is it hot? Does it snow there?
Lately, I've been thinking 'bout my precarious future
Will you be there with me by my side, my girl, my shooter?
Who's to say who calculates? Not me, I'm no computer
Is it a crime to be unsure? (Let me know, let me know, let me know, let me)
In time, we'll find if it's sustainable (let me know, let me know, let me know, let me)
You're pure, you're kind, mature, divine (let me know, let me know, let me know, let me)
You might be too good for me, unattainable (let me know, let me know, let me know, let me)
Maybe we get married one day, but who knows?
Think I'll take that thought to the grave, but who knows?
I know that I'll love you always
Yeah, girl, you, and I'd like that
Oh, ay
You don't know, babe
When you hold me
And kiss me slowly
It's the sweetest thing
And it don't change
If I had it my way
You would know that you are
You're the coffee that I need in the morning
You're my sunshine in the rain when it's pouring
Won't you give yourself to me?
Give it all, oh
I just wanna see
I just wanna see how beautiful you are
You know that I see it, I know you're a star
Where you go, I'll follow, no matter how far
If life is a movie, then you're the best part, oh
You're the best part, oh
Best part
It's this sunrise
And those brown eyes, yes
You're the one that I desire
When we wake up
And then we make love (make love)
It makes me feel so nice
You're my water when I'm stuck in the desert
You're the Tylenol I take when my head hurts
You're the sunshine on my life
I just wanna see how beautiful you are
You know that I see it, I know you're a star
Where you go, I'll follow, no matter how far
If life is a movie, then you're the best part
Oh-oh-oh-oh
You're the best part
Oh-oh-oh-oh
Best part (you're the best part)
If you love me, won't you say something?
If you love me, won't you, won't you?
If you love me, won't you say something? (Say something)
If you love me, won't you?
Love me, won't you?
If you love me, won't you say something? (Say something)
If you love me, won't you? Ah
If you love me, won't you say something? (Say something)
If you love me, won't you?
Love me, won't you?
If you love me, won't you say something? (Say something)
If you love me, won't you? Ah
If you love me, won't you say something? (Say something)
If you love me, won't you?
Love me, won't you?
Oh, you got power, superpowers
Do you even know how to wield them?
All God's children are special
But not like you, no, not like you
You're just like a flower (flower)
You're ever-giving, that's a given
All God's children are special (all God's children, whoa)
But not like you, no, not like you
Lift your head to the sky (to the sky, oh sky, to the sky)
(Lift it, lift it, lift it, lift it)
Mm, it's crazy to say this
But you're the greatest (but you are the greatest)
Can't explain it (oh)
I know that you know the truth
They can't deny you, yeah
They can't deny you, it's true
Yeah, remember Vegas? You come a long way, kid
And let me just say this
Oh yeah, you're the main character now
You're the main character now
Lift your head to the sky (to the sky, oh sky, to the sky)
Oh, yeah